a midday line of violent thunderstorms
including a tornado tore from south to
north through hampshire yesterday
creating a swath of destruction that
left one person dead at homes destroyed
and roads closed by down trees and power
lines the town's hardest hit by the
storms included Deerfield northwood
epsom fair instead Alton wolfeboro
endoscopy brenda's Stevens 57 died
inside a collapsed home in Deerfield on
northwood Lake a half dozen homes in
epsom were nearly leveled scores were
damaged mostly in the area of sleepy
hollow lane and lakeshore road about a
dozen people were injured governor john
Lynch has cleared a state of emergency
in Belknap Carol Merrimack stratford and
Rockingham counties thousands were
without electricity through the day and
evening fallen trees in the alton burn
said ossipee freedom in Stratford areas
blocked roads and slowed power
restoration efforts residents of
deerfield Northwood Epsom barnstead
Makinson reported seeing either a
tornado or a funnel cloud I'd never seen
a tornado before but if it spins like a
tornado and it can cut trees in half
like that I think it is a tornado said
one Epsom resident
one hearted area was the Mary meeting RV
park off Route 11 just south of the
alton traffic circle debbie previte and
her daughter Jill both of chelmsford
mass had just returned from hannafords
when they heard that of the storm
warning 10 seconds later all you could
hear was trees going down everywhere in
glass shattering she said before they
was happening a giant tree top up to the
roof of the trailers main section the
women escaped harm provides husband
Peter was away when the calamity
occurred she said she and her family
bought the vintage 1953 trailer about
two years ago and cherish it's wood
paneling it's in pieces now she said of
the getaway it was our little piece of
paradise many residents of the RV park
had similar stories a warning a dash of
shelter and terror
you